The Joe Rogan experience.
But this is a good time for people to recognize the importance of community.
It's a terrible time for humanity.
It's a terrible time for us and terrible time for the people that are sick.
But it's a really good time for us to understand why community is important.
We live in this illusionary world.
That's provided to us by the culture that we've created,
where you can just buy things. Anytime you want.
You don't need people to come home. You watch Netflix,
you don't engage with anyone you get in your car.
You barely say hi to anybody at work. We're detached from each other.
And this is the only time ever in life.
We've been detached from each other and were being detached by these
electronics. They're sneaking up on us electronics and cars,
which has also, you know, it's, uh, it's also a creation, a mechanical creation,
and now more than ever they're driving computers.
Yeah, man. It's true. What I'm.
Trying to say is Ted Kaczynski was right.
Oh my God. We all know that. Did you ever read his manifesto? No, I'm scared.
It's catchy.
That's I went through a period of like doing ketamine and like trying to watch
the worst thing I like at Charles Manson, uh, Kozinski.
And, uh, yeah, it is, you know,
it is a little bit like kind of interestingly, not that off,
but then the tone is so Imperial or something. When you're reading it,
there's like this it's a manifested. That's how you have to write up, you know?
But the one thing, uh,
my wife is part of like some, like it's called a mommy group.
So it's like a connection of online of all these mommies and on like all over
LA. And what they do is they post people will post. They need.
So like one of the moms just had a kid, they don't have any wet wipes.
And so then all the other moms will be like, oh, we've got wet wipes.
And then right now they're just leaving them on the door.
So people come and get them. So it's like,
I think the community thing is exactly right.
But also people have to maybe transcend money for a second and figure out ways
to set up in their community. Like, what do you need?
What do I have? And then start some form of like trade or just giving people,
you know, there was someone who set up a toilet paper exchange in LA,
where he was just like, if you have extra toilet paper, bring it.
And then he had toilet paper and you're just giving it out to people who are,
you know, that's,
I think that's the sort of thing we're going to have to start doing if we can,
you know, it's like right now there's old people who they they're,
they can't do, man. They're terrified. They can't even get up. If you know.
Them, you got to help them. And this is, uh, you know,
this is a weird time for us, but it's a time for us to reset. You know,
it's not, it's not good. I'm not saying it's good, but I'm saying there's a,
we can get a positive out of this.
The people that make through the people that make it through,
we can get a positive out of this. And the positive is community is important.
It's really important. And it,
it seemed like it wasn't important cause it seemed like we had everything set
up. So he didn't have to engage with people. It's not right way to do it.
It's not good for anybody now that that kind of life is not good.
And the detachment that we have, I mean, that's why,
why do you think people have road rage on the highway? You know, when they're,
they're locked in their little box, separated from people in a way that they,
they wouldn't have it in person. It was just, I mean,
it's only a thin piece of metal and glass separating you from these people with
that.
There's the other added factor of the heightened senses because you're driving
fast and you realize you might have to make quick movements.
So dumb things people do are elevated. They're even no more dumb. Yeah.
But it's also that you're detached. You're you're in these boxes, right?
It's like a weird dream. We've done weird to each other. Yeah. Because of that,
we're.
All gummed up in that way. It's like something it's like,
it's like a fungus that grew on the circuitry of society and started,
or it's like, we know when they talk about the, uh,
dolphins and the whales being up by the high-tech sonar they're using and
washing up on the beach because the sonar is messing up their ability to
communicate with each other. It's like,
there's this kind of technological sonar that is completely made
us disconnected from the earth.
Essentially like our earth connection has been replaced by a
technological connection. Now technology comes from the earth,
but we're talking about a secondary thing. Can compare it to,
you know, your feet touching the ground,
being around another human and like recognizing them as having exactly the same
thing you have, which is they want to be happy. You know,
feeling the connection between people when you're with someone. I mean,
I don't know if you've ever done that,
but just like the next time you're around anybody that you're like buying from
or that you don't normally just kind of go by feel that, that connect,
you could feel it there's an energetic connection that you can feel there.
That's easy to overlook.
Yeah. We we've lost the biggest one, which is through light pollution.
I think every night people are humbled and re reminded of the
majesty of the universe when they looked up and saw the infinite skies on a
clear night. Yeah. The infinite stars, just the, the whole Milky way.
You could see the whole thing, you know,
and there's parts of the country where there's plenty of darkness and you could
literally see the whole Milky way. And it makes you think like, oh,
our ancestors saw this freaky all the time.
We decided to shut off the greatest art the world has ever known because we want
to be able to see better at night, the greatest art, uh,
an art that literally not,
not just as inspired science and wonder too and fueled it.
Right. But also as, as kind of always put people in place,
always just, just understand, this is not a backdrop. It's not a tapestry.
The up there is madness. It's forever and you're not protected.
There's just a thin layer,
fear of gas between you and the universe,
which is infinite.
You're this tiny speck of nothingness in this
impossible to understand spans of
planets and stars. It just goes on forever, literally forever.
And we're one little tiny piece of it.
And we're being held here with a spin and some air.
[Inaudible].
And there's a giant fireball in the sky that keeps us alive.
And it's a million times bigger than the.
Earth. Yeah. And it's right there.
And this is, this is the reality that we live in.
It is almost too crazy to put in your consciousness on a
daily basis. So we forget about it all the time. It's the,
one of the most important things about our existence here as it were of part of
the universe. It's not just that we're in, you know,
Sherman Oaks or we're hanging out in Montana. No,
we're right there connected in the universe and it
doesn't get brought up. And one of the reasons, cause we don't see it.
We don't freak out. W if you go to the country and camping, you freak out.
You're like, wow, you see the stars. You're like, this is nuts, man.
You can see them all. It's, it's a reset button.
It changes how you feel about life.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well also it seems like a lot of us have forgotten that we're going to die on
top of all that. I mean,
not only are you like looking up at this void filled with stars,
but the thing you are is a temporary. And that to me is,
you know, the other day, I'm like just washing dishes during this pandemic.
And I'm thinking to myself, man,
I feel so lucky to be washing dishes right now. I'm alive.
I'm healthy. This is,
it was a different kind of washing dishes than a week ago when I was able to,
or two weeks before this started.
When I get ordered anything I wanted off the internet. It,
it suddenly I'm in a different world. Like this is a world where, well,
we got to wash these dishes because man, if I get like, if thugs come,
I don't know if I want to call an exterminator right now.
I don't know how many people I want in my house right now.
I don't know what this is. So it's like,
suddenly these are what you're experiencing. Is this kind of like, um,
well what does it say in the Bible that we both love so much,
a fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
And I think you could easily translate that to understanding
your place in the universe should produce a kind of positive
fear and trembling, not like you're, you're anxious or terrified,
but just to kind of like, whoa, this doesn't last,
nothing about this last.
And right now everyone around the planet is getting a firsthand
glimpse of that very truth, right? Yeah. All at once. One big dose,
one big dose of it all at once. One.
Big dose for people to recognize how much of what they concentrate on a daily
basis. How much of what fills their consciousness is.
It's utter nonsense. And we got tricked. We got tricked into thinking.
It would go on forever. And now we know it's not going to. And now we know, Hey,
look, this is a, this is a terrible thing.
But relatively speaking,
compared to super volcano, asteroid impact,
it's compared to something solar flare,
something really crazy that can happen and blow out all the power,
which is a hundred percent of possibility.
Solar flares are 100% a possibility.
And for people to not recognize that and just go through the life.
It's just because we, we,
we look at life as if what we've experienced while
we're alive is the norm, but it's not, it's not the norm.
It's just hard for you to recognize that your life is so short.
Your life is so short that when they're measuring all the different catastrophes
that have happened over the earth,
whether it's proven sites of asteroid impacts are proven sites of
volcano eruptions or all these different things that have happened for sure and
wiped out millions of people all over the world, they happen over a time span.
That's too big. Our head doesn't get in their head.
Doesn't go with what is third,
13,000 years is just some scratches on some paper in my head,
my stupid head. I don't know what 13,000 years means. I can't,
I can't do it but 13,000 years ago, they think,
and there's more and more evidence every day that there was some big impact on
earth. Yeah. And who, who knows how many of those humans have gone through?
Who knows for the, the, whatever. I think scientists believe what, what is it?
It's like 300,000 plus years. We've been this right?
Is that the idea? Homosapien, something like that. Yeah. Something like that.
Right, bro. That ain't. Right? That's so short. That's so short.
Just in the time that the earth has been here in the four point,
whatever billion years the earth has been here.
And that's so short in terms of the almost 14 billion years,
the known universe has been here. All of its madness,
every single step along the way is madness.
But we get stuck in these little time periods where nothing changes.
And so we think that this is life.
So we've built all these houses that only can work on electricity.
How many people have a real fireplace in their house? They live in cold places.
They're banning those.
Now they're banning fireplaces because they don't want to start fires.
That's great.
As long as you can ensure the gas and the power is going to stay on.
And I don't think you could do that. Yeah. I just think you can,
because you've done it for a hundred years, right?
That's the thing a hundred years is this a hundred years,
the industrial revolution, the roaring twenties from, from then to today,
let's go 150. Let's get crazy. That ain't.
That ain't to say. This is how things are.
Every day is so dumb. It's especially to say with, in terms of the earth,
natural disasters, space, anomalies, like not even anomalies,
but things that happen like solar flares, they happen all the time, man. Yeah.
Man. Well, I mean, and, we don't even know. That's the only thing we don't know.
All the sudden, all the data in the universe,
we don't know that there isn't something called like a quad Trizzy and ripple
that happens every, you know, 16, million years that.
Just Sean Carroll right now, uh, need information, you.
Know, do you know that poem Ozymandias.
Ozymandias by.
Shelley? I think it's like, I don't have it memorized,
but the basically it's like diplomas about someone who sees the broken
legs of a statue in the desert and written on a plaque
is my name is Ozymandias. Ruler of rulers,
king of Kings, behold, my works. He mighty and despair.
All or I guess he just the broken legs.
You think you have power. We think you have all this control. It's like,
we don't like, I guarantee you. Of course, like in ancient Egypt,
there was probably, I'm not talking about the Pharaoh,
but there's at least like a thousand dudes who are like,
I'm like the hot in Egypt. And they're going to remember me for a long time.
It's like, we don't know who you are. It's all gone. Orotic gated, wiped out.
And this to me is like one of the really side effects of this thing.
This technology thing is we've all become completely self obsessed.
Self-absorbed putting our images out there,
making sure that our profiles are updated making, you know what I mean?
Like we have this insane idea of like,
we're so deeply rooted in our identity instead of in the connections between our
identities.
That we're all the only way that we can finally see how connected we are is some
eats a bat.
You know what I mean?
[inaudible] weird, dude. It's really crazy. Man. Think.
Of this.
If technology really did have an effect on the
programming of human beings and human beings, interacting with technology,
think we're internet innocently, interacting with a nonsense, giant thing,
but all the while this technology and you could call T we,
we get confused.
We think the technology is like a digital clock or a television or a
computer. It is, but it's also like a fish hook, right? Like,
so there's so many it's innovation.
So someone had to figure that out and imagine creating an ape
that is aware of its environment.
Like this is like really the perfect storm aware of its environment,
but obsessed with itself knows in the back of its head
that it's it's temporary, but it's, uh, it's, it's got a finite lifespan,
but lives like it's going to live forever and lives in the moment,
lives in the moment and wants to things.
Are you seen as the number one goal for the, you know,
the Uber wealthy or the Uber successful with Jeff Bezos types characters, right?
Or at the top of the food chain financially acquire things. Yeah.
They're always acquiring things,
which means people have to make things which means that like, they're,
they're a big consumer as well as, as,
as someone who's is making a ton of money. Right?
And this also fuels innovation. Cause you gotta keep up with these people.
Can I keep giving them bigger and better things every year? So it all this,
all these resources go into innovation of technology.
It's the thing that progress is quicker than anything. Right?
Look at cell phones every year I need 150 megapixel camera or you're a loser.
You're a loser, you know,
these Samsung phones that have like seven inch screens.
Now everyone's going crazy. Right. But what is the goal though?
The goal is to make better. And the goal along the way let's go is, um,
it's working, but you know,
it'd be even better if we made it so they don't touch each other anymore. If we,
maybe if we could come up with a disease where they can't shake hands,
they don't, they don't come close and yeah, just keep them a little further.
Apart from each other, it'll make them more interested in the things,
more interested in the technology, more,
more separate from each other and encourage technology that connects them with
each other. So through technology, they'll,
they'll find this human longing for contact that they were missing in their
life. They're going to get an emulated version of it,
but that emulated version of it just going to keep getting better and it's going
to keep getting better.
And it's going to get to a point where it's better than real life,
way better than real life, because you're like Jumanji, you get to be the rock.
You know, you, you get to be like a superhero like in, you could,
you could live a magical life with no boundaries of physics and that they're
going to do that. People are going to do that. They're going to give in.
If I was a little form that was trying to haunt another life form and trick
it into giving birth to me, that's I would create a person. I'd create people.
We, but like some aunt, we're like some aunt manufacturing,
our successors, that's what we are. And we don't even know what we're doing.
Just showing up everyday, watch it. And I got all his diamond chain, chain,
chain blank, but just my house is bigger than the rocks.
The rocks off was just big. My hustle, like that's,
that's what people are doing. That's what we're doing. We're just buying more.
And one good thing of something like this.
Anytime a tragedy happens, people bond together afterwards.
It's a terrible thing that it happened,
but for the victims and the family members of the victims, we all know this,
but it can be a good reset for us. Economically.
People are going to have to get through it.
That's going to be the most difficult part. But I think there's,
there's going to be an opportunity for us to just assume a
nicer stance towards our neighbors and towards our friends and towards our
community. And instead of embracing this idea, like you better get guns.
Cause they're coming. Maybe we can all come together. I think people.
Need to find if that's going to happen,
then we've got to find a better metric for whether things
are right wrong. Yeah. And the news, yes.
Something to retune ourselves like we're right now we're tuning the
guitar of our identities to these, to like the most terrifying,
which is the news or like what people are saying. And so if that's, if,
and I think many people have become so accustomed to getting their idea of
what's happening in reality from the TV,
instead of from like how they feel inside what's going on with their friends and
their family that puts people at incredible
disadvantage because they're timed as being rippled by.
You know, I was thinking it's like, I'm one of those little, not Prairie dogs.
Those they stand and look around at the Hawks. You know what I'm talking about?
What are those things called?
They're like are social little marmots or something like that. You know,
there was a show like lemur, palace.
I don't remember what they're called something, but they're like, they're like,
they're.
Really cute. A seam of the zoo, adorable. The most,
one of the most durable animals ever. They stand.
In line.
Somehow they ignore all the humans around them and just look in the sky for a
hook. It's kind of sad, but that's their life though.
But imagine if that one looking for the Huck had like the internet and
could see Hawks, thousands of miles away,
how anxious all of them would be. Cause he would always be like,
get underground, get underground, get underground. So, you know, I think this,
this is what has happened is that we're all constantly being told. I mean,
I remember when I was growing up in the old days,
when the news had an alert that was serious,
some serious went down would be what the? Fox news or any of the news stations.
They have an alert like every four minutes.
Now, alert.
I'm alert. And it's all telling us just what you're saying. Get underground,
go inside, go inside danger out here, danger out here. And so we're all like,
even before this, we were huddled up a little bit.
Now we can rationalize the huddling, you know, and that's what we're doing.
We're just huddling inside right now.
That's an incredibly vulnerable place to be. I mean,
I'm not going to get conspiratorial here.